Frame special rules (#3776)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

Section 4 of {{QUIC-TLS}} provides more detail about these restrictions.  Note
that all frames can appear in 1-RTT packets.

The "Spec" column in  {{frame-types}} summarizes any special rules governing the
processing or generation of the frame type, as indicated by the following
characters:

N:
: Packets containing only frames with this marking are not ack-eliciting; see
  {{generating-acks}}.

C:

> : Packets containing only ACK frames do not count toward bytes in flight for
>   congestion control purposes; see {{QUIC-RECOVERY}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Packets containing only frames with this marking do not count toward bytes
  in flight for congestion control purposes; see {{QUIC-RECOVERY}}.
```

P:
: Packets containing only frames with this marking can be used to probe new
  network paths during connection migration; see {{probing}}.

F:

> : The content of the STREAM frame are flow controlled; see {{flow-control}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The content of frames with this marking are flow controlled; see {{flow-control}}.
```

Section 4 of {{QUIC-TLS}} provides more detail about these restrictions.  Note
that all frames can appear in 1-RTT packets.

The "Spec" column in  {{frame-types}} summarizes any special rules governing the
processing or generation of the frame type, as indicated by the following
characters:

N:
: Packets containing only frames with this marking are not ack-eliciting; see
  {{generating-acks}}.

C:
: Packets containing only frames with this marking do not count toward bytes
  in flight for congestion control purposes; see {{QUIC-RECOVERY}}.

P:
: Packets containing only frames with this marking can be used to probe new
  network paths during connection migration; see {{probing}}.

F:
: The content of frames with this marking are flow controlled; see
  {{flow-control}}.

> The "Pkts" and "Spec" columns in  {{frame-types}} does not form part of the IANA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Pkts" and "Spec" columns in  {{frame-types}} do not form part of the IANA
```
